Add radarr upgrade management info to settings wiki (#394)
Servarr/Wiki: radarr/settings.md

> Files in the recycle bin older than the selected number of days will be cleaned up automatically {.is-warning}

## Upgrade Management

Movies may have extra files associated with it: subtitles, metadata, or other files such as artwork.
Extra files can be [imported](#importing) automatically when a movie is imported.

> If a movie is upgraded, usually due to a [quality profile](#quality-profiles), you can decide whether or not to delete extra files along with the movie file that will be upgraded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a movie is upgraded you can decide whether or not to delete extra files along with the movie file that will be upgraded.
```

The configuration of each file type can be controlled separately:

- Keep subtitles files
- Keep metadata files
- Keep other files

> > Renaming a movie file outside of Radarr **cannot** be handled like an upgrade, extras will be deleted in such cases. If external programs might rename movie files in your library, configure a [recycling bin folder](#file-management) to be safe.{.is-warning}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Renaming a movie file outside of Radarr **cannot** be handled like an upgrade and extras will be deleted in such cases. If external programs may rename or otherwise modify movie files in your library configure a [recycling bin folder](#file-management) to be safe.{.is-warning}
```
